README.md, before:

# Flow Launcher website

This repository contains the source code for the Flow Launcher website. It also contains the extended plugin store.

## Adding plugin data

Once your plugin has been approved and added to
the [Flow.Launcher.PluginsManifest](https://github.com/Flow-Launcher/Flow.Launcher.PluginsManifest/) repository, you can
add more data about your plugin to the website. If you don't, only the information from the PluginsManifest will be
displayed on the website, i.e., icon, title, short description, version, author, and the programming language. You can
add additional information, such as detailed information about the plugin, videos, screenshots, or blog posts, by
following these steps:

1. Think of a "slug," a unique readable string based on the name of your plugin. This will be used in the URL. If your
   plugin is called "Cool Feature+," you might use `cool-feature-plus` as the slug. This will be used in the URL, e.g.,
   `www.flowlauncher.com/plugins/cool-feature-plus` or
   `www.flowlauncher.com/plugins/cool-feature-plus/blog/exciting-new-update`. The slug will also be used as the name of
   the directory your plugin's files are stored in in this repository.

> [!NOTE]
> We might have pre-created the folder and the file for you in order to add tags for your plugin. If you'd like to
> change it, feel free to rename the folder, the file, and the slug field in the file.

2. Create a new file in the `src/data/plugins/YOUR_SLUG/` directory, call the file `plugin.md` and fill it with the
   following information:
   ```markdown
   ---
   # This should match the ID in the plugin manifest
   id: 7fbfd61f-0b9c-480d-93e8-59e3451bbbdf # Replace this with the ID of your plugin

   # Optional array of videos to display on your plugin's page. Only YouTube links are
   # supported. Videos are always displayed before images.
   videos:
   - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VIDEO_ID
   - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANOTHER_VIDEO_ID

   # Optional array of images to display on your plugin's page. Images should be stored near 
   # YOUR_SLUG.md, for example, in src/data/plugins/YOUR_SLUG/images/
   images:
   # The path to the images is relative. If it's in the same directory as the .md file,
   # you don't need to specify a path, just the file name. If it's in a subdirectory,
   # you need to specify the path.
   - image1.png
   - images/image2.png

   # Optional array of tags to display on your plugin's page. These should be relevant to your
   # plugin. Allowed values are: Automation, Development Tools, Documentation, Gaming, 
   # Multimedia, Programming, Search, System, Utilities
   tags:
   - Automation
   - Programming
   ---
   ```
3. Add a new line after this block. Now you can write a description of your plugin using Markdown. You can also display
   images here using Markdown syntax. For example:
   ```markdown
   This plugin adds a variety of very cool features. Let's take a look at them!

   ![A cool image](images/cool-image.png)

   ## Feature 1

   This feature is super cool. It does cool things. Here's a screenshot:

   ![A screenshot](images/screenshot.png)

   ## Feature 2

   This feature is even cooler. It does even cooler things. Here's another screenshot:

   ![Another screenshot](images/another-screenshot.png)
   ```
4. If you'd like to write more about the plugin, you can utilize the blogging functionality. Create a new file in the
   `src/data/plugins/YOUR_SLUG/blog/` directory, call the file `YYYY-MM-DD_blog-post-slug.md` (the file must have its
   name in format `YYYY-MM-DD_blog-post-slug.md`) and fill it with the following information:
   ```markdown
   ---
   # This should be a unique readable string. It will be used in the URL,
   # e.g., `/plugins/my-cool-plugin/blog/my-blog-post`
   slug: my-blog-post

   # The title of your blog post
   title: Your Blog Post Title

   # A short summary of your blog post
   summary: A short summary of your blog post

   # The date of your blog post in ISO 8601 format. A few examples:
   # 2024-12-30T12:55:34Z
   # 2024-12-30T12:55:34+06:00
   date: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ

   # The author of your blog post
   author: John Doe
   ---
   # Your blog post content goes here

   This is a blog post about my plugin. It's very cool.
   ```

5. Optional. If you'd like to test your changes before making a pull request, you can run the website locally. To do
   this, you'll need to have Node.js installed. Once you have Node.js installed, you can run the following commands in
   the root directory of this repository:
   ```bash
   npm install
   npm run dev
   ```
   This will start a local development server that you can access at `http://localhost:4321`.

   Alternatively, if you don't want to run it locally but still want to see how your changes will look, you can use the
   GitHub Actions workflow to build the website and preview it. To do this, go to your fork's Actions tab on GitHub and
   press "I understand my workflows, go ahead and enable them", then commit your changes to the `master` branch and push
   it. You should see your action running on GitHub, and if you click on it, you should see two steps: `build` and
   `deploy`. Under `deploy`, there will be a link to the preview of your changes.

6. Once you're happy with your changes, commit them and open a pull request. A maintainer will review your changes and
   merge them if everything looks good. Your changes should be live on the website shortly after they are merged.

## Licensing Notice

This project is licensed under the MIT License. However, it includes Font Awesome Free icons, which are subject to their
own license.

- Font Awesome Free License: https://fontawesome.com/license/free

The Font Awesome Free icons used in this project are provided under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International
(CC BY 4.0) license. See the link above for details.

Commit message:

docs(README): add a note about GIF files

README.md, after:

# Flow Launcher website

This repository contains the source code for the Flow Launcher website. It also contains the extended plugin store.

## Adding plugin data

Once your plugin has been approved and added to
the [Flow.Launcher.PluginsManifest](https://github.com/Flow-Launcher/Flow.Launcher.PluginsManifest/) repository, you can
add more data about your plugin to the website. If you don't, only the information from the PluginsManifest will be
displayed on the website, i.e., icon, title, short description, version, author, and the programming language. You can
add additional information, such as detailed information about the plugin, videos, screenshots, or blog posts.

> [!NOTE]
> Please don't use .gif files. Use .png or .jpg for static images and use YouTube for videos.

To add more information about your plugin, follow these steps:

1. Think of a "slug," a unique readable string based on the name of your plugin. This will be used in the URL. If your
   plugin is called "Cool Feature+," you might use `cool-feature-plus` as the slug. This will be used in the URL, e.g.,
   `www.flowlauncher.com/plugins/cool-feature-plus` or
   `www.flowlauncher.com/plugins/cool-feature-plus/blog/exciting-new-update`. The slug will also be used as the name of
   the directory your plugin's files are stored in in this repository.

> [!NOTE]
> We might have pre-created the folder and the file for you in order to add tags for your plugin. If you'd like to
> change it, feel free to rename the folder, the file, and the slug field in the file.

2. Create a new file in the `src/data/plugins/YOUR_SLUG/` directory, call the file `plugin.md` and fill it with the
   following information:
   ```markdown
   ---
   # This should match the ID in the plugin manifest
   id: 7fbfd61f-0b9c-480d-93e8-59e3451bbbdf # Replace this with the ID of your plugin

   # Optional array of videos to display on your plugin's page. Only YouTube links are
   # supported. Videos are always displayed before images.
   videos:
   - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VIDEO_ID
   - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANOTHER_VIDEO_ID

   # Optional array of images to display on your plugin's page. Images should be stored near 
   # YOUR_SLUG.md, for example, in src/data/plugins/YOUR_SLUG/images/
   images:
   # The path to the images is relative. If it's in the same directory as the .md file,
   # you don't need to specify a path, just the file name. If it's in a subdirectory,
   # you need to specify the path.
   - image1.png
   - images/image2.png

   # Optional array of tags to display on your plugin's page. These should be relevant to your
   # plugin. Allowed values are: Automation, Development Tools, Documentation, Gaming, 
   # Multimedia, Programming, Search, System, Utilities
   tags:
   - Automation
   - Programming
   ---
   ```
3. Add a new line after this block. Now you can write a description of your plugin using Markdown. You can also display
   images here using Markdown syntax. For example:
   ```markdown
   This plugin adds a variety of very cool features. Let's take a look at them!

   ![A cool image](images/cool-image.png)

   ## Feature 1

   This feature is super cool. It does cool things. Here's a screenshot:

   ![A screenshot](images/screenshot.png)

   ## Feature 2

   This feature is even cooler. It does even cooler things. Here's another screenshot:

   ![Another screenshot](images/another-screenshot.png)
   ```
4. If you'd like to write more about the plugin, you can utilize the blogging functionality. Create a new file in the
   `src/data/plugins/YOUR_SLUG/blog/` directory, call the file `YYYY-MM-DD_blog-post-slug.md` (the file must have its
   name in format `YYYY-MM-DD_blog-post-slug.md`) and fill it with the following information:
   ```markdown
   ---
   # This should be a unique readable string. It will be used in the URL,
   # e.g., `/plugins/my-cool-plugin/blog/my-blog-post`
   slug: my-blog-post

   # The title of your blog post
   title: Your Blog Post Title

   # A short summary of your blog post
   summary: A short summary of your blog post

   # The date of your blog post in ISO 8601 format. A few examples:
   # 2024-12-30T12:55:34Z
   # 2024-12-30T12:55:34+06:00
   date: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ

   # The author of your blog post
   author: John Doe
   ---
   # Your blog post content goes here

   This is a blog post about my plugin. It's very cool.
   ```

5. Optional. If you'd like to test your changes before making a pull request, you can run the website locally. To do
   this, you'll need to have Node.js installed. Once you have Node.js installed, you can run the following commands in
   the root directory of this repository:
   ```bash
   npm install
   npm run dev
   ```
   This will start a local development server that you can access at `http://localhost:4321`.

   Alternatively, if you don't want to run it locally but still want to see how your changes will look, you can use the
   GitHub Actions workflow to build the website and preview it. To do this, go to your fork's Actions tab on GitHub and
   press "I understand my workflows, go ahead and enable them", then commit your changes to the `master` branch and push
   it. You should see your action running on GitHub, and if you click on it, you should see two steps: `build` and
   `deploy`. Under `deploy`, there will be a link to the preview of your changes.

6. Once you're happy with your changes, commit them and open a pull request. A maintainer will review your changes and
   merge them if everything looks good. Your changes should be live on the website shortly after they are merged.

## Licensing Notice

This project is licensed under the MIT License. However, it includes Font Awesome Free icons, which are subject to their
own license.

- Font Awesome Free License: https://fontawesome.com/license/free

The Font Awesome Free icons used in this project are provided under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International
(CC BY 4.0) license. See the link above for details.
